[Fix #3694] Updating documentation (#671)
apache/incubator-kie-kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/core/understanding-jq-expressions.adoc

data={"gitRepo":"ssh://bitbucket.org/m2k-test","branch":"aaaaaaasssss","token":null,"workspaceId":"b93980cb-3943-4223-9441-8694c098eeb9","projectId":"9b305fe3-d441-48ce-b01b-d314e86e14ec","transformId":"723dce89-c25c-4c7b-9ef3-842de92e6fe6","workflowCallerId":"7ddb5193-bedc-4942-a857-596b31f377ed"}
----

== ForEach state 

> ForEach `iteratiomParam` should be accessed as a variable, not as a JSON property, since the loop variable is not part of the workflow model the expression is evaluated against. This means that rather than prefixing the variable name with a `.`, it should be prefixed with a `$`

Reviewer: It could be rephrased for more explicit clarification (as it is a change against specification):

```suggestion
ForEach `iteratiomParam` should be accessed as a variable, using a `$` prefix,  not as a JSON property, since the loop variable is not part of the workflow model the expression is evaluated against. Therefore, instead of accessing it like a JSON property (with a `.` prefix), the loop variable should be referenced with a `$` prefix
```

> ForEach `iteratiomParam` should be accessed as a variable, not as a JSON property, since the loop variable is not part of the workflow model the expression is evaluated against. This means that rather than prefixing the variable name with a `.`, it should be prefixed with a `$`

Author: I do not think so, since the title mentions jq
